Add IL2001-IL2060 trimmer warnings (#25842)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/trim-warnings/il2015.md

---
title: "IL2015: Invalid value for field substitution"
description: "Learn about trim warning IL2015: SubstitutionFieldInvalidValue"
ms.date: 08/25/2021
ms.topic: reference
author: mateoatr
ms.author: matorre
f1_keywords:
  - "IL2015"
---
# IL2015: Invalid value for field substitution

## Cause

The value used in a substitution file for replacing a field's value does not represent a

> value of a built-in type, nor matches the type of the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value of a built-in type or does not match the type of the field.
```
